docs blitz (book version) (#343)
axodotdev/oranda: docs/src/quickstart.md

```

## Basic Setup

oranda is designed to be a tool you can simply drop into an existing project. For the purposes of this
guide, we're going to use [axolotlsay], a simple CLI project, but you can use one of your own
projects, or even set up a new one from scratch! The only hard requirement oranda has is for your
project to have a readme file (`README.md`).

The easiest way to get a feedback loop going with oranda is to move into the directory and run `oranda dev`:

```
cd axolotlsay
oranda dev
```

[`oranda dev`](./cli/dev.md) is a command that will automatically recompile your oranda build when you change
one of the files relevant to it. It also launches a file server that'll allow you to look at the output -
if you open localhost:7979, you'll see something like this:

![an image of the default oranda output when ran on `axolotlsay`](./images/quickstart-1.png)

oranda has picked up on our readme file and converted it into a static page! How nice!

## Beyond the Basics

If we want to work with the more advanced features that oranda offers, we'll have to create a configuration file.

> The default location of this file is `oranda.json` in your project root. You can view a full reference of the

Reviewer: I would argue this is incorrect, actually. The default location is "in the same directory as the project config of the app/library you want to highlight". "root of the project (workspace)" only works for single-crate or non-virtual-workspaces. cargo-dist has to shunt it to a sub-dir because it's virtual.

I would, however, like "in the project root" to indeed be the default location, because it's annoying to cd into the subdir to run oranda (especially because it affects the code for CI).

> configuration schema [here](./configuration.md), but for now, let's focus on doing something else – we want to
> show the releases of our project on this website we've generated.
> 
> oranda supports _changelog generation_, meaning we can opt into generating a page that pulls directly from our
> GitHub releases.  If you're working with `axolotlsay`, you have have noticed that oranda automatically pulls
> some metadata from our project manifest - in this case our `Cargo.toml` file. This means oranda already knows
> where our project is on GitHub, so to enable changelogs, we create our configuration file as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration schema [here](./configuration.md). Let's start by making the simplest and highest impact change:
telling oranda that our project has releases and changelogs that it should make pages for!

`axolotlsay` uses GitHub Releases, and oranda knows how to handle those, so all it needs is the URL
to our repository and permission to do so. As it turns out, oranda already has the URL, because it
*also* knows how to find and read `Cargo.toml` files, and ours specifies
`repository = "https://github.com/axodotdev/axolotlsay"`.
So let's tell oranda it's ok to look through our GitHub Releases by enabling the "changelog" feature:
```

These paragraphs were reading really awkwardly, I think making them more result-oriented flows a bit better?

```json
{
  "changelog": true
}
```

If you now build again, it should look like this:

![an image of oranda with changelogs enabled](./images/quickstart-2.png)

oranda pulled our project's releases from GitHub automatically, without us having to specify any further configuration

> than enabling the changelog setting!

Reviewer: With my reworked paragraph this would be basically redundant, although a "hell yeah it worked!" line is still 100% merited.
